No wind and waves, you are going to piss me off to death, you!
Miss Tang, you are an extraordinary girl,
Be wise and wise,
Don’t forget, things about young people,
You can solve it yourself and come back.
You, you should listen to my face.
Zhang Zhuyou, cut off and Tang Jiang,
All wounds come and go.
I was wrong, you can't do this.
Delivered home. Find it,
Miss Tang, you also go back to the countryside,
Stay for a while. Let's go.
Who is what?
You, the human being, are in trouble here.
If you hadn't been in front of my cousin
It's my bad words
How could I do this?
You're just a go-getter for me
what are you talking about
When did I leave quickly?
Do it quickly or not?
You said in front of my cousin that you wanted to kick me out
Where else is he applauding in front of me?
Why do you want to be the mistress of the Gu family?
I dare not admit it now
I said why do you always target me?
It turned out that someone was making a noise
You are a lonely aunt
That is my aunt
How could I shrink
Can we really hurry up?
Even if I can
Then that won't agree